So let's check out examining the point cloud now.
So we're able to change
our LiDAR hyperparameters and get a higher resolution scan of our environment.
Now, let's actually look at what this looks like as a PCD, point cloud data.
This is what we're shooting for.
In this image here,
we went ahead and we are not rendering the highway environment anymore,
but we are just rendering the point cloud data from it by itself.
What we see here,
so in this particular PCD,
there wasn't any noise.
So you can tell it's very symmetric.
Also, the min distance was left at zero,
so we can see the roof points of our car here.
Now, the important thing is we're seeing these kind of clusters being dealt up.
There's one over here,
there's a little bit over here,
and there's something over here.
These are actually those three blue cars,
and they're showing up in our PCD data.
So later, we can use some processing to actually detect where those obstacles are at.
So in this next exercise,
we're going to be creating this point cloud data that we'll be later
using in the other lessons to do some obstacle detection with.
So in this exercise,
we're going to be visualizing what this PCD data looks like.
In order to do that,
instead of calling render rays,
there's another function called render point cloud,
and this is also in the render.cpp file.
So if we look at render.cpp,
there's a renderRays and there's a renderPointCloud.
So go ahead, and instead of doing renderRays,
call the renderPointCloud and also just look at some of
the arguments for renderPointCloud.
So it has a viewer.
Anytime we're doing any sort of rendering,
we'll have that viewer,
we have that point cloud.
So renderRays had that as well,
but this time we don't have that position because
renderRays knew that because it needs to know how the rays,
the starting position of where the rays were being cast from.
We also have some color information.
Now, by default it'll just rendersPointCloud is white,
but you could also fill it in with different colors if you wish.
So back in environment.cpp,
change the renderRays to renderPointCloud.
Then, also if you just want to render the point cloud by itself
without any of the cars in the street,
there's a flag environment.cpp,
and there's this renderScene,
and you can just turn renderScene to false,
and then you'll just get the renderPointCloud by itself.
So go ahead and generate this point cloud and visualize it in your window.